Belis Aladag: So this is gonna be
Belis Aladag: Michael, Michael justice. There's no information.
Belis Aladag: There's no activity in cures at this time.
Belis Aladag: Hello Michael
Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Michael, I think you might be on mute. Can you look at the bottom. Oh.
Galaxy S8: I got it.
Galaxy S8: Okay, finally got it down. This is like all great to me. So I apologize ahead of time.
Belis Aladag: Okay, you're doing great. You made it here.
Galaxy S8: Somehow I did.
Belis Aladag: So, so how are you today. I'm Dr. Allen bag.
Galaxy S8: Hi Mike justice is my name. Um, I guess I'm okay.
Belis Aladag: I'm okay. I like
Galaxy S8: Oh, good.
Belis Aladag: And so I will be your physician here at bright heart health, taking care of you. Regarding your the opioid use disorder and and I believe you. It started with some pain problems. Is that right,
Galaxy S8: Yeah. So, what it is is about seven years ago I was in a motorcycle accident and had neck injury back injury and thought that seven years ago from 50 to seven years ago, I thought I could just, you know, I'm
Galaxy S8: Traditionally a tough guy and I just thought, you know, I'm going to snap out of this, and it's no problem. After about four years, I realized that a Jen other factors.
Galaxy S8: That wasn't going to happen. So I was in extreme appreciating pain went through physical therapy and did a whole lot of
Galaxy S8: Stuff to try to
Galaxy S8: Have comfort. In the meantime, I became diabetic. I'm not like this, I guess I'm a serious diabetes, a serious. So, um, anyway.
Galaxy S8: So I had
Galaxy S8: I was on oxycodone for about a year and a half, and it became to the point where was not working for me period at all.
Galaxy S8: So I ended up stopping it on my arm. I just when one day decided, I'm not going to take it anymore because I wasn't really working. And so I quit taking it.
Galaxy S8: DON'T REALLY REMEMBER.
Galaxy S8: How I was dealing with pain, but just toughing it out kind of sorta and then I ended up getting becoming a diabetic and and then
Galaxy S8: Ended up having diabetic foot pain I run a nonprofit.
Galaxy S8: Basically, I am a boss. So I was worried about losing my job at the problem was within two or three hours, I'd be in so much pain that have to come home and literally lay on my bed. That was the only thing that made the pain, where I could could handle it.
Galaxy S8: Basically
Galaxy S8: That nonprofit started suffering because I was delegating and, you know, not being hands on it. It was starting to affect performance and everything good about the nonprofit and
Galaxy S8: So,
Galaxy S8: Kind of had to figure out what to do in the process. I've been in a lot of pain.
Galaxy S8: Neck pain and back pain, lower back pain, as has been excruciating.
Galaxy S8: In the process,
Galaxy S8: I tried Suboxone and
Galaxy S8: Yet, I'm on Suboxone right now. I'm not prescribed, unfortunately. But I tried it and it was the only thing that relieved from my pain.
Galaxy S8: So once a day, I would do it.
Galaxy S8: Two strips and that
Galaxy S8: Would make it all day. I could work, come home, take a shower. Go to bed, and I'd be good till the next day I'm. Did you say to take a few. Yeah.
Galaxy S8: Well, I tried one at first one was was fine and and then it would start
Galaxy S8: Wearing out through about halfway through the day. So okay, so yeah, I was taking two strips a day is what I was taking. That's what I take now, but I'm I'm pretty much out now.
Galaxy S8: I think I have enough for today. And that's it.
Galaxy S8: So I
Galaxy S8: I know other people on the Suboxone program and
Galaxy S8: It's really been a lifesaver for me and it's allowed me to be able to work full days and everything.
Galaxy S8: That's basically what I know. I don't have a lot of side effects with that.
Galaxy S8: And it gives me the pain relief that I need for all day.
Galaxy S8: Thank God you know
Belis Aladag: Thank God for that.
Galaxy S8: That's good. Okay, so you
Belis Aladag: You found a solution that works for you. Yeah. Um, so yeah, I'm happy that to say we should continue it. Yeah. Let us do this and get you your two films a day.
Belis Aladag: So some insurances cover the film some cover the tablets. Regardless, they're the same thing. It's just, you know, generic version, whatever.
Belis Aladag: I'm going to try to order the film, since you're used to that. And, see, see what happens with that. Okay. Just so you know, make it substituted. If you want them to whatever
Galaxy S8: Right. And, you know, and the thing of it is is
Galaxy S8: I tried crowd them in the past and, you know, got bombing that stuff was caught my throat. One time I could no longer
Galaxy S8: Like I would almost vomit. And the same thing was happening with the strips as well. So I'm not so sure that the tablets wouldn't be a better thing.
Galaxy S8: Because the taste of it and all that. I'm more used to it. Now, I will tell you, I don't like bomb and I can do strips or tablet. So either way, it wouldn't matter to me.
Galaxy S8: I don't like to
Belis Aladag: Look, the
Galaxy S8: East and stuff. When I go to rinse my mouth out
Galaxy S8: Sometimes I would like dry heave. But I never actually physically puked but
Galaxy S8: Um, so I don't like the taste of a lot of things like that. Like crowd and was like, I could never do it again afterwards but
Galaxy S8: My dosage for crowd them in order for it to be effective eight I got that the gel Cap thing, the machine to make my arm was 28 capsules. That was my daily dose. And so that was on
Galaxy S8: You know, I didn't know what that was doing to my body either so so and Suboxone seems to be easier on my body as well.
Belis Aladag: Yes. So here's what I will tell you create them is available online and stuff. And people kind of say, oh, you know, it's the safer thing, whatever, but actually it's actually an opiate it's an opioid so you
Belis Aladag: Can consider it very, very similar to Oxycodone and hydrocodone whatever so and and it's problematic because people don't really realize that they think it's like oh it's natural. It is natural, but it is an opioid so
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I've actually had patients addicted.
Belis Aladag: To create them unable to get off and then we have to put them on Suboxone to get
Galaxy S8: Gotcha. So yeah, I just got Suboxone works for my pain. I've never, I just can't even begin to tell you it's like
Galaxy S8: It's like the best thing that's ever happened to me. And I, and I say that with the fact that I get to work and my my nonprofit isn't suffering and and I'm very, very pleased with with that.
Belis Aladag: Thank God. Okay, so we'll continue with that you have diabetes type two. Tell me what medications do you take for that.
Galaxy S8: Just metformin and they were given me another tablet that kind of help were taken at night.
Galaxy S8: Yeah Nortriptyline I would take and and that worked for a little bit, but then stopped working.
Galaxy S8: Also has taken a marks marks or cam line. Yeah, I was taking that that helped in the beginning to but then they quit working Suboxone throwley. The only thing
Galaxy S8: That hasn't, you know, other than the one strip what going to two. I haven't needed any more than two strips and it's been
Galaxy S8: You know, it seems to work for the full amount until I get home and getting bad. And that's really what I need in order to continue. I'm only 52 I probably are going to be the guy that works. Until the day it falls over, that'll be my retirement, unfortunately.
Galaxy S8: Unless we start our rehab center. We're working on doing that 30 bed rehab center and
Galaxy S8: But that's going to be quite a while, down the road before I can get that established California certified rehab center and that is in order to make the golden arrows maybe possibly actually golden that would be good. Right.
Belis Aladag: I like that idea. You should do that.
Galaxy S8: Right. Yeah, that's what we're working towards
Man.
Belis Aladag: Is your nonprofit related with substance use as well.
Galaxy S8: Um, it, it's, it's all the our clients that we deal with. We have a rescue mission right now and all the clients that we deal with.
Galaxy S8: Have the childhood traumas. The addictions. Rather, it's
Galaxy S8: You know it all based on after 15 years of doing it. It's all based on how we raise our kids is the outcome. And this is what we deal with in and literally
Galaxy S8: I think I did the math is 130 30 bed facility would be $105,000 a month, pretty much the programs we run now for the last 15 years have been all free programs to help people for free. And with that in mind, my salary started out 1200 dollars a month.
Galaxy S8: For the first five years. Nobody got paid. We I had a business and I closed it to pursue the nonprofit and we went five years from
Galaxy S8: I was making about back then. Way back in the day was about 5700 a month and my cleaning company I had and I had to close that down and go from that income to
Galaxy S8: We were on welfare caches food stamps medical had
Galaxy S8: And we would go get food boxes and stuff for our family of five and so nobody got paid for five years and then once I did get paid. And it was 12 I was 300 a week so 1200 a month and that salary has remained the same, even through all the windfalls and things that we accomplished.
Galaxy S8: You know 15 years later, we've been in in that building this place for 15 years so
Belis Aladag: labor of love.
Galaxy S8: Wow. Yeah. It's a Labor Day long and but you know in in the sense that never was. Hey, let's do this. And it's going to become this great salary package or income. It was lets me to need and Crescent City.
Galaxy S8: And and i have one of the best wife's in the world. Anyway, so she's been my big support system through it all, and
Galaxy S8: We've been able to get this far. And we just last year and this virus thing is affected us in a negative way, we just
Galaxy S8: WERE SCHEDULED TO DO $300,000 worth of work to our building in April, May and June, where we're going to be shut down.
Galaxy S8: To do all these upgrades to become a 52 bed rescue mission and because of this outbreak and when they do the stimulus package to everybody. All non a central grants are going to be suspended.
Galaxy S8: until further notice. So everything that we had contractors and all that has been put on hold, from the planet.
Galaxy S8: But hopefully we recover and that goes on. I mean, we're gonna remain hopeful and and, believe, believe for the best and just wait and see what happens. But yeah, we started another nonprofit called Mission Possible.
Galaxy S8: So was a
Galaxy S8: Faith Based 501 c three organization partnering with a secular
Galaxy S8: Mission Possible don't County.
Galaxy S8: To nonprofits sharing the same space with the vision. Ultimately, the five year plan was to build a brand new facility from the ground up. And we were well on the way to doing that and then taking our old facility and turning that into the rehab center.
Galaxy S8: Is me my wife graduating, she's
Galaxy S8: Doing her addiction studies and and and so we still got a window and a little bit of play room. We don't never we don't get goals and set them and then
Galaxy S8: You know, throw them away and start over. We just I guess we're going to be waiting just like everybody else's waiting to see what happens with the virus thing. But in the midst of all of it that that is the goal at this point we want to secure our family and
Galaxy S8: Make sure that you know the golden years are golden, so to speak.
Yeah.
Galaxy S8: Wow.
Belis Aladag: What a story, I commend you. What a story, you have a lot of commitment. Thank you.
Galaxy S8: Oh, and I was just 22 year IV drug user, she said they didn't know that I was
Galaxy S8: Yes, I was on methamphetamines for 722 years I was addicted and I did 17 years of my life locked up in and out of prison.
Galaxy S8: When I started daily web ministries, I still have four months of Pearl left to do, to, to be off of it and be done and I celebrated my 21 years of off of math.
Galaxy S8: Last year, so it's going on 22 years I don't stay clean and sober because I did drink a little bit and
Galaxy S8: When I was in pain, that was another thing. And I just be honest, because I and the honest business and I'm very forthcoming I was drinking for a while to offset pain.
Galaxy S8: But I, but I haven't edited drinking over a year or so I don't have the same tendencies that I used to have when I get it, you know, like one shot of mass. I was named me drug user one shot of math and
Galaxy S8: I was on one and the only thing that really saved me was when I would never stop until they arrested me so
Galaxy S8: It was really a triumphant thing to be able to have control over, you know,
Galaxy S8: To be able to have a drink a glass of wine and not like it doesn't take over me so. But even though I haven't had a drink in over a year now. So because
Galaxy S8: Well, I'm a diabetic can be. And you know, I want to live. I have a six year old daughter to I have five kids all together.
Galaxy S8: Three girls and two boys and and one step son and. And the whole point, as is I want to live to, you know, marry my daughter, you know, see are married off and maybe get a grand get or two before I go meet my Maker, you know, so that's
Belis Aladag: It. That's so great are all the five things with you right now.
Galaxy S8: Well, I have three adult kids. And then I have a six year old daughter Eliana, and I have a son that's just turned 14 Jacob.
Galaxy S8: Jacob. Okay. And they're all they're all with us. And then my step son Skylar still with us, but he's getting ready to turn 18 on the 31st and he'll be moving out like right about that time to as well so
Galaxy S8: So yeah, I have a lot to live for. I don't really, you know, like I said I to be able to have the ability to say, No, I don't want any
Galaxy S8: And then versus the old me was, you know, oh no, not only do I gotta have it. I want to have it and drink uncontrollably.
Galaxy S8: Have your first drink at seven in the morning to start your day. And, you know, of course, my life reflected all that lifestyle changes, but to have the ability
Galaxy S8: To be able to control any kind of addiction, nothing has or nor would I ever allow anything to have control over me that way ever again. It's just, to me,
Galaxy S8: That's pretty special to be able to have that power to say, No, I'm good, you know,
Galaxy S8: Yes, that is huge that yeah
Belis Aladag: Absolutely, yeah. Okay, so I'm just putting in everything as we go along. I put in your diabetic.
Belis Aladag: Your type two diabetes. I also put type two diabetes with neuropathy. Because you mentioned on the foot pain. So that's from neuropathy. Okay. Um, I noted that are you are you also being given medication for blood pressure.
Belis Aladag: Acid reflux.
Belis Aladag: Yes. Um, let's see, what else do I see here, blood pressure, acid reflux. I think that's what I
Belis Aladag: See, yeah. Oprah law. Listen, a pro members all and then the metformin
Galaxy S8: Yeah, and I'm not taking that haven't been taking
Galaxy S8: The stuff for the diabetic foot pain at night. I don't take them to the longer
Belis Aladag: Nortriptyline thing I
Galaxy S8: Don't take that more but
Belis Aladag: OK. OK. So wow okay and then tell me about nicotine. Do you smoke or vapor, anything like that.
Galaxy S8: I do, baby.
Belis Aladag: Okay, um, remember that it can be dangerous to. I mean, I don't know if you've heard about them pneumonias and things
Belis Aladag: So, so just be careful with that. And if you feel when you got a lot on your plate. But if you feel like that's something you want to work on. We can always use nicotine replacement so
Belis Aladag: We could use like a patch and depending on how much you be if you want to patch throughout the day. And then if you still feel like they being you. We can use like laws and just little candies, or God
Galaxy S8: You know, just let me know.
I want
Belis Aladag: Okay, let's see. So the eight dash shoe. So, so okay if I give you the tablets on
Belis Aladag: See, are you medical by chance.
Galaxy S8: Yes.
Belis Aladag: You know what medical coverage is really weird, but they only covered the brand name is what I heard. So you know what I'm going to go there. I'm just going to do Suboxone film for you.
Galaxy S8: Okay, that's fine. I prefer that I'm, I'm, I've been doing the film's how I can make that work that that's that sounds better.
Belis Aladag: I think, I think we should do that now the tablets. If you had changed it. If something happens and we have to switch or something. Just so you know, they're not chewable they're just, just like the film, you have to melt them under your tongue.
Belis Aladag: Drink some water before you use film or
Galaxy S8: Have
Belis Aladag: They put it under your tongue and then melt it gets into your bloodstream from that section and then you can swallow leftover but yeah really you wanted to. If you swallow it, or chew it bypasses the system.
Galaxy S8: Okay, I usually always spit it out. That's what works. I keep it in for what is it 1520 minutes and spit it out, usually tend not to swallow because
Galaxy S8: Yeah, makes you yeah yeah just kind of gross, it's gross. Taste the least to me, it is like it I guess no.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, but I'm okay.
Galaxy S8: Oh, I know it works great for pain and I
Galaxy S8: That's, that's all that's important really
Yeah.
Galaxy S8: So,
Okay.
Belis Aladag: And then in terms of the opioids. It was like the cradle them you're trying again, it was all in an attempt to cover the pain.
Belis Aladag: Always with that accident, seven years ago with the neck and back injury.
Galaxy S8: Yes. Yeah, okay.
Galaxy S8: And then the pain added to it was little, I was allowing the neuropathy was allowing me about four hours was all I could do
Galaxy S8: That's what the, you know, trying to find expensive shoes and and solos and still could not get more than four hours, and it was, it was really
Galaxy S8: Making the ministry suffer behind it. And so when I discovered the Suboxone it allowed me till I was done. Like, I will say around 530 or six
Galaxy S8: At night, usually it starts to come back. But by then I'm in my I we have, you know, I bought my first house at 50 tail and last year and then paying the mortgage for a year and
Galaxy S8: But I did invest in from tax returns and one Superbad and I got a purple cow King mattress and then I just bought
Galaxy S8: My pillow sleeper top or for it.
Galaxy S8: And then I have my pillow pillows. And so, you know, that's important. And then I get a super good night's sleep and so that helps through
You know, with the until
Belis Aladag: You have a
Belis Aladag: Plan.
Belis Aladag: How to get through. You have your things
Galaxy S8: Up but I have a Cadillac for a bad. That's what I've what I've found to get out. There's no bearing expenses on bad. I mean, dad is everything. You know, it's like I can get away with.
Galaxy S8: An older vehicle, but I must have the top notch mattress that's out there because
Galaxy S8: Like the way
Belis Aladag: I like the way
Belis Aladag: Right, I'm all up that I'm okay allergies to medication.
Galaxy S8: I'm the only thing I've ever been allergic to is Cody.
Belis Aladag: Cody.
Belis Aladag: Okay, what happens. You get
Galaxy S8: Vitamin D like not get second then actually a breakout to with like
caves and
Belis Aladag: Okay, don't
Belis Aladag: Family History any family history of substance use problems.
Galaxy S8: And parents
Galaxy S8: Oh yeah, yeah, our whole family were in the oil business unit oil and when I started to have my drug problems. I was 15 when I started doing chemical drugs.
Galaxy S8: My family was, you know, everything was poison and drugs. But alcohol was a vitamin, and you are encouraged to use it. So, hey yeah so that. And then, of course, they never watched us as kids so I was like molested as a child and
Galaxy S8: So I had to go through all that to childhood traumas and and I actually went through similar programs to the one that I started and and and
Galaxy S8: Basically saved my life and learned out a deal with all my route rejections and childhood traumas and and now we teach that. So it's really, it's the result of how we were raised in our parents were too busy partying and you know they socialized and entertained.
Galaxy S8: And drank massive amounts of alcohol was tough to wall and our family to be an alcoholic was cool.
Belis Aladag: Whoa.
Whoa, whoa okay
Belis Aladag: I hear you now. I hear you. Wait. Now you're
Galaxy S8: on mute. Okay. Can I hear you now.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Yeah. I heard everything
Galaxy S8: Okay, for some reason, lot oh there. Maybe it's gonna come back now.
Galaxy S8: Okay, you can hear me. I'm having a hard time hearing me. Oh.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I hear you. Are you
Galaxy S8: OK, I can hear you but
Belis Aladag: Okay, um, your when you started drugs. What drugs marijuana or
Belis Aladag: Matt. Matt Oh, that was the math.
Okay, yeah.
Galaxy S8: I was supposed to be in a wedding and I got to dunk to be performing my one of my cousins said here do this and first time I did the line I knew I was going to be addicted to that. And it was a long, long
Galaxy S8: Journey love affair with math for many years afterwards.
Belis Aladag: And you mentioned, unfortunately, I'm so sorry you had to go through that as a child, the molestation what happened, who was it
Galaxy S8: It was you know that you know my wife when I told her about it, she started bawling and said, Honey molested as a molestation, I was molested by one of my mom and dad's friends NAVY AND WHAT'S HER NAME AND
Galaxy S8: They just come over and play cards and it was a few years that it went on and
Galaxy S8: I think God every day because then what I tell my wife, as you know, I'm definitely
Galaxy S8: I'm thinking, I think that every day. It was a woman because I'm totally not, you know, never was like heterosexual so
Galaxy S8: But my wife actually literally start crying. She said Michael doesn't matter if you're a girl or a boy, you are a young kid. I was seven years old.
Galaxy S8: And seven to about nine that went on and
Galaxy S8: And, you know, either way it was, you know, molestation and so
Galaxy S8: You know, again, my mom and dad entertaining playing cards and not watching the kids and stuff like that. So, but I think that that made me a really good father because
Galaxy S8: None of my kids have been molested, and I always I'm always very hyper vigilant about who's around my kids and stuff and plus in ministry that we're in.
Galaxy S8: We, we, the new housing.
Galaxy S8: Thing that we're going to go after housing first is what it's called the program. We won't be allowed to allow sex offenders, but the feeding program that we have where we feed people. We have a lot of sex offenders come through. They get food on a daily basis. So
Galaxy S8: You know, I mean, they said, you know, I send us then in the Bible and whatnot. And it's all bad, but to me that's the worst thing because you know I was went through that. So to me,
Galaxy S8: I still think everybody. These are. I'm a humanitarian to the degree that I think that everybody deserves to eat three times where there
Galaxy S8: Are no matter what they did not that I like it. Not that I support it. I just think you know us as human beings need to make sure that everybody has, you know, three meals a day is very important.
Belis Aladag: God bless you. Yeah.
Galaxy S8: Even though I don't like that that you know to me if I looked at it. Yeah, I was a drug in a thief and did all my my damage, but I wasn't a child molester. I wasn't
Galaxy S8: a pedophile of any sort, but the same time a human being, no matter what. I think we're any kind of human and we care. Everybody deserves, three meals a day, no matter what they did. So, you know,
Galaxy S8: I just that's, I guess, a good part of me because I don't really even though I don't like it. Don't want to know about it. Stay away from my kids.
Galaxy S8: Yeah. You know, I think people still deserve to eat three times a day. This is something about how I feel.
Galaxy S8: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Um, any surgical history. We need to put down
Galaxy S8: You know, no, I've had a broken one broken on and be on my left arm only broken bone and I've never ever had a procedure of any sort. When I got in the motorcycle accident.
Galaxy S8: I was working three days later.
Galaxy S8: We had a thrift store at that point in time and we money was like we needed money every day so
Galaxy S8: At that point, I didn't have any choice but to work for somebody, and we didn't have employees at that time. And so, yeah, I had to work. And like I said, then
Galaxy S8: You have three days later I was working, and then
Galaxy S8: In order to that depending that's I had to go through the physical therapy and stuff like that. And that physical therapy does help to a certain amount
Galaxy S8: But
Galaxy S8: The damage. Should I get definitely I feel today, you know, the neck specific to think of a pillow, there's a lot of factors that can
Galaxy S8: Produce worse. So if I have really thin pillows and if I sleep too much or if I don't if I worked like lifting too much weight for long periods of times. Well, I will pay a price for that I see, but have to be careful. Yeah.
Galaxy S8: Have to try to keep it.
Galaxy S8: I'm not, I'm not a
Galaxy S8: A young kid in the hunger and I don't mess snapback is resilient as I used to. I know that.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, um, any, any danger of suicide suicidal thoughts or anything like that.
Galaxy S8: Never have never have had a in the worst of times in the best of times I I love life I'm alone. I like people and I like, I like to live.
Belis Aladag: Okay, good.
Belis Aladag: Okay, just checking. You know, just making sure. Um, what else am I going to ask you, I think.
Belis Aladag: I think that's about it. Michael I got, I got a lot information. And I think you Oh, just in general. Do you have any chest pains, just a review of systems do yet any shortness of breath chest pains or fatigue or I don't know.
Belis Aladag: No. Yeah. Actually, I'm fairly healthy, other than what I've told you
Galaxy S8: You know I'm I move around a lot. My job requires me, you know, we have a 10,000 square foot building. So I'm constantly walking and moving and
Galaxy S8: No, I can't. Not that I can think of. Other than that, I'm fairly healthy. I never had chest pains or, you know, I should probably
Galaxy S8: You know, considering my lifestyle for all those years. But so far, so good.
Galaxy S8: I'm I didn't get to pneumonia shot. The first one I got to get another one. When I turned 55
Galaxy S8: Pretty good breathing.
Galaxy S8: I used to smoke regular cigarettes few packs a day and beeping dead really took away all the
Galaxy S8: You know, because, and I got mad at my wife. One time I bought a pack of cigarettes. About eight years ago. And before I even got through that pack had my smoker, Scott.
Galaxy S8: Oh no, from BABYING IT has given me my breathing and ability to work without getting short winded. So that's something that did work for me on a positive level. Was it gave me my breath back and was able to breathe and don't really have any congestion problems.
Belis Aladag: Oh, good. I'm so glad. Okay, so at least we got that out of it. That's very, very good. Yeah, I'm okay. Okay, Michael. So, so for from now on. We're going to meet in a group setting. If you're okay with that. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Um, and there's, I have some options I have a men's group that meets Mondays at 9am
Belis Aladag: Does that work for you, or there is a Thursday 4pm group mixed group.
Galaxy S8: I'd say Thursday's okay at 4pm
Galaxy S8: Okay, and what does that group. What do you do
Belis Aladag: So what happens is, um, it's an hour long and I start with check ins.
Belis Aladag: With each patient. So like with you, I'd say, okay, Michael. How's it going, How's your dose of two a day of the film, did you have any problems do you just need a refill is all well and you just tell me
Belis Aladag: And we
Belis Aladag: Do your medication management real quick and then I
Belis Aladag: Do that with every now and then.
Belis Aladag: And then once everyone's
Belis Aladag: Kind of settled into that and I can start typing away and sending my prescriptions that there's a therapist that runs the rest of it.
Belis Aladag: And the focus is usually some recovery related topic like how to stay clear of whatever temptations, or you know how to continue on your medication and blah blah blah for you.
Galaxy S8: Okay, you
Belis Aladag: Have a very strong I'm strong stronghold. It sounds like on your recovery, especially from methamphetamine so
Galaxy S8: That's that was very
Belis Aladag: Inspiring. And I think it'll be it'll be a great contribution to the group just to have your stability.
Belis Aladag: Because some of these people are just starting that recovery journey getting on the Suboxone because of heroin or other opioids and some people have pain as well and others are just simply just opioid use disorder.
Galaxy S8: Because we can't call them anymore. There's
Galaxy S8: That's the word. Are you familiar with that. I was like, when
Galaxy S8: We were getting stuffy give people that overdose.
Galaxy S8: On our links right now for some
Galaxy S8: r&r and anyway.
Galaxy S8: Just the word addicts and this is you cannot call them attics any longer. And I said, what do you call them and they go, people who listen I go Oh cool, because I am an addict.
Galaxy S8: And anyway, we're getting. What do they call that that stuff that snap over does
Belis Aladag: Not
Galaxy S8: Normal
Galaxy S8: And so I was getting nor Kim and and the test strips from this group and they told me. Don't ever call Maddox anymore. And I'm like, I guess that's part of the LTV killer thing.
Galaxy S8: And I said, Well, it's funny to me because
Galaxy S8: I'm an addict. But anyway, yeah, just, I don't know if you're aware of that or not that's
Galaxy S8: A boy, you're aware that
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I am. You know, we try trying to change the lingo. So it's feels less. Um, what's the word profiling and
Galaxy S8: Negative but
Belis Aladag: For so many years for so many people, especially in the 12 step programs, that's how people identify and they almost take pride in it. So I don't want to take it away from you, but
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it's time
Belis Aladag: It's an interesting time in society. Right.
Galaxy S8: Yeah, that's funny to me. I was like, but I am an addict.
Galaxy S8: I don't want to
Belis Aladag: Say, that's who I am, yeah.
Galaxy S8: But anyway, it was just funny and Lady didn't really get a kick out of it like I did. I thought it was kind of funny.
Galaxy S8: Same time, I have to, you know, I have to kind of be in that field where I want to respect people yeah on all levels.
Belis Aladag: Sure. Of course. Well, thank you, thank you for taking this time and
Galaxy S8: shareable I've been calling you this Thursday or not.
Belis Aladag: So since it's tomorrow. I see you. You can wait until next Thursday. I'll give you medication to hold you over.
Galaxy S8: And I may. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Belis Aladag: That's probably best you
Belis Aladag: Know, just wait until next Thursday.
Belis Aladag: Uncle and you'll have enough medication also prescribed the Narcan for you just to keep around, you know, to have
Galaxy S8: Oh, I have four I have four stops.
Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah. So I'll give you two strips a day, like we discuss
Belis Aladag: And I'll give you like
Belis Aladag: 10 days worth so it should be more than enough to cover your
Belis Aladag: Pencil Thursday.
Belis Aladag: And you'll see me just log into the virtual clinic at like 330 before four o'clock so that they can get you sorted out. They have you fill out some surveys and then they can give you the room number
Galaxy S8: Okay, so that'll be next Thursday. I will do that. And then that you know my phone and she's logged into a
Belis Aladag: Walgreens on L Street.
Yes, ma'am.
Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. So I'm putting it in now. Michael very nice meeting you. Thank you for sharing all this stuff with me and and I look forward to working with you and and hearing all about your great progress.
Galaxy S8: So I will say this, just because
Galaxy S8: And maybe if you get time and somehow or another. I lost audio of you which is okay.
Galaxy S8: And but I would like for you to just check out our website which it's not like 1,000,000% but we're adding to it all the time on the web addresses daily bread CC for crescent city.org if you want to check it out. Ever.
Belis Aladag: Okay, yes, of course I do. Check it out.
Galaxy S8: Awesome. Okay. Thank you, Doctor, and I will talk to you next Thursday.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Take good care.
Galaxy S8: You too. Bye bye.
Belis Aladag: Hi. Bye bye.